Is this a mistake?
This is the Lord of King's Landing
You are short-sighted
Don't come out and embarrass yourself
Why do you have a problem with the image of the king?
No no no dare not
You are really the Lord of King's Landing
I've been honest with you many times, bro
They all said you were dead
After the book was completed that year
I was framed on my way to marry you
Then I was seriously injured and lost my memory for three years
The person behind this should also be realistic Zhu Yuanzhang
Why are you making that face?
The deputy commander is you
Deputy Commander, you are here too
Dynasty, is this photo wrong?
How is this Xiao Junlin?
Because he is the Lord of King's Landing
What that
Doesn't that mean he's not dead?
Right
But the unveiling ceremony continued
Where are the four war gods of the Northern Army?
Lord Marquis of King's Landing
Protect the country and the people
My generation bows three times in thanks
Straighten up for me
Emperor
You are still alive
That's how you repay me.
Say why did you betray me